Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned yourself an 
entry-level position as a Minion on her space station. From here, you just might be able to subvert her 
plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet. Problem is, Minions are the lowest of 
the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Next time Bunny HQ needs someone to infiltrate a space station to rescue prisoners, you're going to tell 
them to make sure 'stay up for 48 hours straight scrubbing toilets' is part of the job description. It's 
only fair to warn people, after all.

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself promoted. 
Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda,
though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

You got the guards to teach you a card game today, it's called Fizzbin. It's kind of pointless, but they
seem to like it and it helps you pass the time while you work your way up to Commander Lambda's inner circle.

The latest gossip in the henchman breakroom is that "LAMBCHOP" stands for "Lambda's Anti-Matter Biofuel 
Collision Hadron Oxidating Potentiator". You're pretty sure it runs on diesel, not biofuel, but you can 
at least give the commander credit for trying.

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that she's made you her personal assistant. 
You'll be helping her directly with her work, which means you'll have access to all of her files-including 
the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. This is the chance you've been waiting for. Can you use your new 
access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

There are a lot of difficult things about being undercover as Commander Lambda's personal assistant, but 
you have to say, the personal spa and private hot cocoa bar are pretty awesome.

Commander Lambda has six suits, three dress uniforms, four casual outfits, and one 
Dress-Uniform-For-Important-Speeches-Only. You know this because you've already had to take all of them 
to the dry cleaner's. Twice!

There are a lot of difficult things about being undercover as Commander Lambda's personal assistant, but 
you have to say, the personal spa and private hot cocoa bar are pretty awesome.

Excellent! You've destroyed Commander Lambda's doomsday device and saved Bunny Planet! But there's one 
small problem: the LAMBCHOP was a wool-y important part of her space station, and when you blew it up, 
you triggered a chain reaction that's tearing the station apart. Can you rescue the imprisoned bunnies 
and escape before the entire thing explodes?

One of these days you're going to manage to glimpse Commander Lambda's password over her shoulder. But 
she's very careful about security, and you haven't managed it yet...

'Destroy a doomsday device,' they said. 'Rescue prisoners,' they said. 'Be a hero,' they said. They didn't 
mention anything about having to escape through a trash compactor that could turn on at any time. Doesn't 
anyone in Bunny HQ watch movies?!

Oh no! You escaped Commander Lambda's exploding space station - but so did she, and she's definitely not 
happy with you. She's chasing you in her heavily-armed starfighter, while you and your bunny refugees are 
stuck in these lumbering escape pods. It'll take all your wits and cleverness to escape such a hare-y 
situation, so you'd better hop to it!

Huzzah! The famous pilots Luke Skybunny and Jyn Erbun managed to hijack a pair of Commander Lambda's 
starfighters and are laying down cover fire for the bunnies' escape pods. You give them a wing salute 
on your way past.